docs: clarify subdomain CID normalization (#164)
ipfs/in-web-browsers: ADDRESSING.md

## TL;DR

> If no native protocol handler is available, redirect to IPFS path at a gateway. The implementation should detect if a local IPFS node is available. In web browser contexts where a local IPFS node is present, use [subdomain gateway](https://docs.ipfs.io/how-to/address-ipfs-on-web/#subdomain-gateway) at `localhost`. If not, use public one such as `dweb.link`. 

Author: Fixed in [`9b3375a` (#164)](https://github.com/ipfs/in-web-browsers/pull/164/commits/9b3375a6fdefe399a255369f62a4385147d0cb1d)

> In both cases point at IPFS path first, to ensure gateway takes care of CID normalization into a DNS-safe form:

Reviewer: > In both cases point at IPFS path first

Is this an instruction, or are we telling the reader that we are pointing to the IPFS path before we do anything else?

Author: It is instruction / "best practice".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In either case, point at IPFS path first to ensure gateway takes care of CID normalization into a DNS-safe form:
```

```bash
ipfs://{cid}          → https://dweb.link/ipfs/{cid}        → HTTP301 → https://{dns-safe-cid}.ipfs.dweb.link

> ipns://{libp2p-key}   → https://dweb.link/ipns/{libp2p-key} → HTTP301 → https://{dns-safe-cid}.ipns.dweb.link

Reviewer 2: I like the clarity of the "HTTP301" but is not clear who is taking which action. I'd prefer that this somehow identify where the boundaries of the implementor's actions are, and where the gateway is.

Also, not required for now, but in the first arrows perhaps we should have a clarifying action like "expand to", like you did "HTTP301" to be clear about what's happening there.

Author: I've added abstract header in [`21a4fad` (#164)](https://github.com/ipfs/in-web-browsers/pull/164/commits/21a4fadbbc17cf407ab812d8eb1592a37f439a41) that clarifies the boundary a bit, but did not add "expand to", signal/noise ratio did not felt be beneficial:

```
Native URI            – HTTP Gateway                       (– Internal normalization done by HTTP Gateway)   
ipfs://{cid}          → https://dweb.link/ipfs/{cid}        → HTTP301 → https://{dns-safe-cid}.ipfs.dweb.link
```

```

When DNSLink hostname is used, redirect to subdomain only with `localhost`, use original HTTP URL otherwise:

```
ipns://{fqdn}         → https://localhost/ipns/{fqdn}       → HTTP301 → https://{fqdn}.ipns.localhost

>                       → https://{fqdn} (if no local node)

Reviewer 2: ditto about the roles/boundaries of implementor vs gateway.

When [origin-based security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy) perimeter is needed, [CIDv1](https://github.com/ipld/cid#cidv1) in Base32 ([RFC4648](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-6), no padding) should be used in subdomain:

    https://<cid>.ipfs.<gateway-host>.tld/path/to/resource
    https://<libp2p-key-cid>.ipns.<gateway-host>.tld/path/to/resource

> 

Reviewer 2: Should ensure this notation is consistent throughout the spec.

Example:

    https://bafybeiemxf5abjwjbikoz4mc3a3dla6ual3jsgpdr4cjr3oz3evfyavhwq.ipfs.dweb.link/wiki/

> Subdomain gateway feature in go-ipfs takes care of necessary CID conversion when IPFS path is requested:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subdomain gateway feature in go-ipfs takes care of necessary CID conversion when IPFS path is requested:
```
